Revolutions, and that's what Warren, et al advocate, does not happen in stable economy, even one with the odd wart; and I think if that's what is on the table; the advocates ought say so, we can then have good examination of what Socialism really means, how it works, and the law of unintended consequences.... kill the private care business,  millions will be out of jobs, e/g. can USA withstand such shock therapy for all ills Warren claims we have; seem to me, we somehow always get back to the Race Issue, that 12.7 % of population is the tail wagging the dog; and Reparations for Blacks ought entail full and franks discourse. 
I am re-reading two-three books on Russian - Soviet economics in last century. incredible, when you look back to 1919, the world had spun ought of control, millions died, blood in the streets; what we have now, comparatively is rather tame, and T Coates has morphed into new Messiah: Poppycock, nor can I take blame for what my ancestors may have done; love dad

That did not come out right, perhaps an editor is needed, But, Coates and Co have made it the key project to replace the White Hegemon. Does that seem out of place when other matters demand greater focus, e.g. the Climate? We will not be sitting about the fire in the cave discussing Reparations if the Gulf Stream fiips. Nor will we worry about % of Black Roles in TV shows, if there be no water supply available for 9 billion inhabitants. And, it is beyond the pale to worry about the use of weapon of mass destruction on N American land mass. 
Read current week's article about A Dershowitz,et. al. to learn just how loose the" proof" standard is for putting someone's name in the public domain.  Best we all become like Proteus. 

Re... not clear what the demoted man did or implied. you look, see what sense you can make; whatever the case, never email bits you might have to defend, in your job or maybe in courts of law or public opinion. I do not want to over state my problems with T Coates and Co, and most surely different measure in respect to parts of Black community need to taken, yet,' black lash'  is right around the corner; you have to want to make the world a better place, not just for Blacks but even those coon asses in the hills of tennessee who still make moonshine and call it whiskey. Coates simply wants to get rid of white " power structure" ( mostly of male variety I think) and heaven knows what he might want to do with Asians, who will not qualify for reparations either

It's funny you mention this. I've been starting up conversations about representation left and right in my own life, because I'm not sure where I stand, really.

I think when we're scratching at what representation means, we have to start with an elitist distinction that all art is not equal for its being art. I make a distinction between art as mere entertainment and art that serves as a lens of Truth, whatever the fuck that means. I would argue that Hamlet or "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock" are more effective lenses of Truth than the entirety of Jim Carrey's oeuvre, and I think history will prove me right in this regard, and I don't think you'll argue with me either.

Parallel to this is the question of whether or not art is important at all. There is a trend in education to eradicate arts programs in favor of an enhanced focus on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (Almost always abbreviated to STEM). With my hard focus on theater and early belief that I was bad at math, I probably could have done with a greater focus on

When Joann was growing up, she aspired to be white, because all the media showed white people as the norm and the default. Because there were so 